All right we're about to start our journey with our D.S. or namely the relational database service from
AWOS.
Yes we can do many things like launching post-career school instances Amazon or Orah My sequel instances
and much more.
And you can even run my sequel from Microsoft and Oracle from Oracle itself.
And to do all that we're going to start discovering RLDS one by one.
We're going to first launch our own RLDS instance completely with our plight and implementation.
And after we finished that we're going to start manipulating our RDA instance and we're of course going
to learn how to take a backup and how to restore our database from that backup.
So to check that out to learn how to do all that I'll be seeing you on the next videos.